How do i use WAYG?
Visit wwww.wayg.com and search for your preferred location to get real time information about the weather conditions there.

I need specific, recent weather information. How can I get that?
Simply input your preferred location in the search bar and you will get full information about that area.

What does the Chat Bot do?
WAYG chatbot gives you weather advices based on your preferred location and also responds to any weather related questions you may have.

Does WAYG have a mobile application?
We understand how much you cherish accessibility, however our mobile app isnt publicly available YET. An alternative is to make the webpage a widget in your homescreen so as to enable ease of access.

Is this service a paid service?
Absolutely not! WAYG is a free webpage as we believe everyone has the right to know about weather conditions for free.

Can I get notification of weather conditions about a prefereed location?
Sadly, this feature is not yet available. Check back soon.

What time zones do you use on the website?
The timeline below the map uses the time that you have set in your computer or device. By contrast, the side panel uses the time of a particular location. The time zone used is shown in the side panel below the location title (e.g. UTC+1).

Why does a forecast not correspond?
Our weather application only provide a simplified insight into phenomena in the atmosphere, and no forecast is 100% certain. Especially in the some regions, the weather differs even in a very small territory, which a model can’t capture correctly. WAYG application in itself doesn’t forecast the weather. We only visualize data from from Open weather API. So, we can’t influence the quality of forecasting.

Why does your forecast differ from a forecast on a different website?
We do not create our own forecasts on the WAYG website but we display data from open weather API. Thus, differences occur owing to the use of another model for forecasting. Information on the models used by us can be found in short in our Help section. In addition, the model used is always displayed in the bottom left corner.

How often is the data on your website updated?
We always acquire the latest data. As a rule, the Open Weather API are updated every 6 hours, but the precise interval depends on the openweather API.

I’ve found an error on the website. What should I do?
If it’s a serious error, write an e-mail to us (info@wayg.com). Remember to attach a print screen of the problem in question.

WAYG runs slowly on my device. What should I do?
If the problem is due to insufficient performance of your device, you can decrease the application resolution in the settings, which will increase the speed. Select Reduced resolution on the scroll bar in the settings. Another option is to use the Chrome browser that loads pages the quickest.

Settings can’t be saved. What should I do?
If you change the settings (units etc), the changes will be automatically saved. For them to be saved, you must have cookies allowed (you mustn’t use the incognito browsing mode etc). If settings can’t still be saved, try using another web browser.

Will you add water temperature, ocean currents, humidity etc onto your website?
We’ve got lots of ideas for new features. We’re working on them at the moment. The WAYG project is continuously developing. Watch our social media pages for more information.

I have completely different question.
You can contact us on info@wayg.com. Please note, that we are receiving hundreds of e-mails and we cannot answer all of them.
